The head genius is not ashamed enough
If you escape a piece and get in
Then I will be rude to my family.
Yuck
So disgusting bah
Let's go
Put the medicine in the lost cup
Remember, no mistakes.
Qin Gongzi's literary talent shocked the little girl
The little girl still has one thing to understand
Please also ask Mr. Qin to clarify his doubts
Really beautiful
A girl please speak
Over the years
Qin Gongzi is notoriously stubborn in the imperial capital
But why after the last recruitment conference
The little girl always felt that Young Master Qin had changed
I can't tell you
I'm not from this era, am I?
Okay, maybe it was too slutty
Is it eye-catching now?
How do I tell you since the curtain is opened?
Let the little girl play the piano for the young master
I'm not here to hear you play.
Beauty, I'm in a hurry